Scope limiter documentation (#155)
secureCodeBox/documentation: docs/api/crds/scan.md

    operator: "InCIDR"
    values: ["{{attributes.ip}}"]
```

The `key` references one of the annotations defined on your scan.
The annotation name _must_ start with `scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/`.
These annotations can only be added on the initial scan (i.e., they cannot be modified using the [`scanAnnotations`](/docs/api/crds/cascading-rule#scanlabels--scanannotations-optional) field of the cascading scan rules) and are inherited by default.

`operator` is one of  `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists`, `DoesNotExist`, `Contains`, `DoesNotContain`, `InCIDR`, `NotInCIDR`, `SubdomainOf`, `NotSubdomainOf`.

`values` is a list of values for which the selector should pass.

##### Selecting lists

A custom rendering function has been provided to select attributes in findings that are in a list. An example finding:

```json title="Finding"
{
  name: "Subdomains found",
  category: "Subdomain"
  attributes: {
    domains: ["example.com", "subdomain.example.com"],
  }
}
```

To select the domains data in this finding, use the notation as shown below.

```yaml
annotations:
  scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/domain: "example.com"
...
key: "scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/domain"
operator: "In"

> values: ["{{#list}}{{attributes.domains}}{{/list}}"]

Reviewer: Hm, this is a different example from the one we discussed, and at least in my unit tests, it does not work (templating fails if you try to run it like that).

The example that should work is this finding: 
```json
{
  "name": "subdomain.domain.tld",
  "domain": "domain.tld",
  "addresses": [
    {
      "ip": "11.22.33.44",
    },
    {
      "ip": "2a01:fefe::1",
    }
  ],
}
```
With the limiter:
```yaml
annotations:
  scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/cidr4: "11.22.0.0/16"
  scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/cidr6: "2a01:fefe::/31"
...
scopeLimiter:
  allOf:
  - key: "scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/cidr4"
    operator: "InCIDR"
    values: ["{{#list}}attributes.addresses.ip{{/list}}"]
  - key: "scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/cidr6"
    operator: "InCIDR"
    values: ["{{#list}}attributes.addresses.ip{{/list}}"]
```

However, I think the example you are giving may be a valid use case that we should support somehow (at least I cannot get it to work with any of the syntax we have so far).

I would propose doing both: adding support for what you describe here to the code, and adding the stuff that we are already supporting to the documentation so that people know how to use it for amass results, for example.

Author: I'll take another look at this. Do you still have complete example amass findings?

Reviewer: I'll send it to you on slack - but Amass findings work with the current version of the PR, it's the syntax you use here that does not. I am not sure if the one from your version of the docs is even used by any scanner, but I think it's good to support it.

Author: I've added a failing test for this. I should have tested this example before, but didn't see how it would be different. It comes down to the fact that mustache handles list of strings differently than list of objects: https://github.com/janl/mustache.js/#non-empty-lists.

We can update our list function to support both. Ideally they should have the same scb syntax.

Author: Test fix and examples have been added.

Furthermore, in the cascade config you can specify whether cascading scan should inherit the parent's labels (`inheritLabels`) and annotations (`inheritAnnotations`). If not specified, the options will be considered as `true`.

> To use cascades you'll need to have the [CombinedScan hook](https://docs.securecodebox.io/docs/hooks/cascading-scans) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use cascades you'll need to have the [CascadingScan hook](https://docs.securecodebox.io/docs/hooks/cascading-scans) installed.
```

Once again spotting things that aren't related to your changes but should be fixed :).

> like this:

Reviewer: What is this sentence doing here? Looks like a leftover.

Author: ff6edc2e

For an example on how they can be used see the [Scanning Networks HowTo](https://docs.securecodebox.io/docs/how-tos/scanning-networks)

#### ScopeLimiter (Optional)

`scopeLimiter` allows you to define certain rules to which cascading scans must comply before they may cascade.

> For example, you can define that you can only cascade on a host, if the found ip address is within your predefined ip range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can define that you can only trigger a follow-up scan against a host if its IP address is within your predefined IP range.
```

You can use Mustache templating in order to select certain properties from findings.

Under `scopeLimiter`, you may specify `anyOf`, `noneOf`, and `allOf` with a selector to limit your scope.
If you specify multiple fields, all the rules must pass.

A selector looks similar to the [Kubernetes Label Selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#labelselector-v1-meta).

```yaml
anyOf:
  - key: "scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/cidr"
    operator: "InCIDR"
    values: ["{{attributes.ip}}"]
```

The `key` references one of the annotations defined on your scan.
The annotation name _must_ start with `scope.cascading.securecodebox.io/`.

> These annotations can only be added on the initial scan and are inherited by default.
> Specifying a scope annotation in [`scanAnnotations`](/docs/api/crds/cascading-rule#scanlabels--scanannotations-optional) is not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These annotations can only be added on the initial scan (i.e., they cannot be modified using the [`scanAnnotations`](/docs/api/crds/cascading-rule#scanlabels--scanannotations-optional) field of the cascading scan rules) and are inherited by default.
```

> `operator` is one of  `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists`, `DoesNotExist`, `Contains`, `DoesNotContain`, `InCIDR`, `NotInCIDR`, `SubdomainOf`, `NotSubdomainOf`.

Reviewer: Do you explain anywhere what these do? If not, this would be helpful as maybe not everyone knows what a CIDR is, or (for example) if `google.com SubdomainOf google.com` should be expected to return true or false (does it strictly match only subdomains, or also the domain itself). Can you add a few sentences for each that is not part of the standard kubernetes selectors, and ideally link the others to the k8s docs that explain how they work (assuming your implementation works the same way)? This does not necessarily have to be explained in this exact location (but if you explain it somewhere else, like in the howto article, you should link it from here).

Author: a869ff52 Add documentation for each scope limiter operator type

Didn't add link to existing docs as they are also quite confusing and contain lots of information about unrelated features. Here's a link if you'd like to take a look yourself: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#resources-that-support-set-based-requirements

Reviewer: Okay, that looks fine, thank you :).
